---
title: BLU Studio 5.5 (D610x)
codename: d610x
order: 4
---

## My Second Smartphone

This was actually my second smartphone, bought in August 2014.

This phone ran Android 4.2.1 Jelly Bean, with a MediaTek MT6589 SoC, 1GB of RAM and 4GB of storage, a 5.5" 480x854 TFT display (though the box says its a 540x854 display lol) and it has HSPA connectivity (though the box says it has 4G speeds).

For a $250 phones it was fine, the phone came with lots of accessories, including a case, screen protector, a headset with foam covers and a microfibre cloth.

The performance was pretty good for a (then) 15 year old. The main camera was fine, it had EIS so videos were not shaky, but the selfie camera, oh god the selfie camera was awful.

## The Interesting Part

Now, here comes the weird part... This phone came with some rather strange prebuilt apps for a "Designed in Miami" phone, such as a Compass App, a Flashlight App, a RAM Cleaner App, an App Permissions Manager App (dope that it had this before it was an standard Android feature!) and that was mostly it. Now, if we digged through the system's hidden apps we would find a Theming App... This is interesting, as the phone had a Vanilla AOSP look. Turns out it had an AOSP theme, and by doing some slight modifications to the phone's build.prop file, I could enable the Theming App, enable its Themes Marketplace and allow for custom themes too, this was super fun.

After doing some more digging I found the true identity of this device, it was a Gionee GPad G3 with upgraded RAM. So much for a "Designed in Miami" phone LMAO.

---

<a type="button" class="btn btn-secondary bi bi-phone" href="https://www.gsmarena.com/blu_studio_5_5-5761.php"><b> BLU Studio 5.5 on GSMArena</b></a>
<a type="button" class="btn btn-secondary bi bi-phone" href="https://www.gsmarena.com/gionee_gpad_g3-6088.php"><b> Gionee GPad G3 on GSMArena</b></a>